New Zealand, Data Sources       Last Modified: 11-Oct-2005


CENSUS COUNTS
-------------
Bloomfield, Gerald T. (1984). Tables II.5-II.6.  Pp. 47-51 in: 
New Zealand, A Handbook of Historical Statistics.  Reference 
publications in international statistics 1984. Boston, MA: Hall 
and Co. 


POPULATION ESTIMATES
--------------------
Statistics New Zealand.  Population estimates as of December 31, 
1936. Unpublished data.

Statistics New Zealand. Mid-year population estimates, 1937-1990. 
Unpublished data. 

Statistics New Zealand. (2004). Population estimates as of June 
30, 1991-2003.  Retrieved 2 September 2004 
(http://www.stats.govt.nz).


BIRTHS
------
Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. (2002). Birth counts 
by ethnicity and sex, 1876-1995 (Includes only Non-Maori before 1925). 
Unpublished data. 

Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. (2002). Table 2.05 - 
Resident Birth, Deaths and Marriages. Statistics New Zealand. 
Retrieved 21 August 2002 (http://www.stats.govt.nz). 

Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. Birth counts, 2002-
2003. Unpublished data.


DEATHS
------
Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. (2002). Death 
counts, Non-Maori, 1876-1947. Unpublished data. 

Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. (2002). Death counts 
by age and birth cohort, Maori, 1930-1979. Unpublished data. 

Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. Death counts, Total 
and Maori, 1948-1979. Unpublished data.

Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. (2002). Death counts 
by age and birth cohort, Maori, 1980-2001.  Unpublished data.

Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. Death counts by age 
and birth cohort, Total and Maori, 1980-2001. Unpublished data. 

Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand.  Death counts by age 
and birth cohort, Maori, 2002.  Unpublished data. 

Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. Death counts by age 
and birth cohort, Total and Maori, 2002. Unpublished data. 

Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. Death counts by age 
and birth cohort, Maori, 2003. Unpublished data.

Demography Division, Statistics New Zealand. Death counts by age 
and birth cohort, Total and Maori, 2003. Unpublished data.

 
TERRITORIAL ADJUSTMENT FACTORS
------------------------------
Statistics New Zealand. (1998). Adjustment of Post-censal 
Population Estimates for Census Undercount Research Report # 3. 
Wellington: Statistics New Zealand, 40 p. 

Statistics New Zealand. (2004). Census night and usually resident 
population counts, 1991. Retrieved 1 September 2004 
(http://www.stats.govt.nz).  

Statistics New Zealand. (2004). Total mid-year population 
estimates, 1995. Retrieved 2 September 2004 (http://www.stats.govt.nz). 

Statistics New Zealand. (2004). Maori (by new definition of 
ethnicity) mid-year population estimates, 1995. Retrieved 
2 September 2004 (http://www.stats.govt.nz). 

Statistics New Zealand. (2004). "Sole" Maori (by old definition 
of ethnicity) mid-year population estimates, 1995. Unpublished 
data provided by Statistics New Zealand. 
 








 
 
 



